chore: 🔖 release new versions (next) (#2162)
Redocly/redocly-cli: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

# @redocly/cli

## 2.0.0-next.1

### Minor Changes

> - Extracted `nullable` validation from the `struct` rule into a new `nullable-type-sibling` rule for OpenAPI 3.0. This allows users to disable `nullable` validation separately from other structural checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extracted `nullable` validation from the `struct` rule into a new `nullable-type-sibling` rule for OpenAPI 3.0. Use this rule to disable `nullable` validation separately from other structural checks.
```
